 Cambrian Explosion
第1题
What does the professor mainly discuss?
A A theory about the breakup of the Gondwanan supercontinent during the Cambrian period.
B A possible relationship between plate tectonics and the relatively sudden appearance of complex life on Earth.
C How a massive mountain range might have affected climate during the Cambrian period.
D A new tool developed by Australian researchers to analyze fossils found in ancient seabeds.


第2题
Why does the professor mention the fossil record?
A To provide background for a topic he wants to discuss.
B To suggest that a geologic time period may have been inaccurately estimated.
C To make a distinction between speculation and hypothesis.
D To give an overview about how shelled animals become fossilized.


第3题
What is the professor’s attitude toward the Gondwanan supermountain hypothesis?
A He considers it a reasonable explanation.
B He is surprised that no one propose it earlier.
C He understands why it is controversial.
D He suspects that it will be replaced by a better hypothesis.


第4题
According to the professor, what caused the Gondwanan supermountain to form?
A  A partial breakup of Gondwana.
B The drift of Gondwana toward the equator.
C The crash of two huge mountain ranges near India.
D A merging of continents in the Southern Hemisphere.


第5题
What does the professor imply about algae?
A Some species of algae evolved to survive on dry land.
B  Some species of algae became extinct at the end of the Cambrian period.
C Algae brought nutrients into the food chain during the Cambrian period.
D Algae probably did not exist before the Cambrian period.


第6题
What did researchers determine about the zircon in the sandstone samples that they studied?
A Zircon tends to decrease the rate at which sandstone weathers.
B Zircon was unusually abundant in sandstones from the Gondwana supercontinent.
C  Zircon in sandstone from Australia is as old as the Himalayas.
D  Zircon of the same age is found in sandstone samples from different continens.




Listen to part of a lecture in a geoscience science class .
professor
okay any more questions about plate tectonics?
female student
yeah I noticed that, our textbook readings seem to imply that plate tectonics played a
big part in the evolution of some of the earliest complex life forms
Professor
They only implied this because the connection between plate tectonics and early
evolution isn't very well understood yet, but there are a lot of hypothesis and a couple
of new ones are very interesting.
male student
Is there any time to talk about them today?
professor
Sure I can do that now, but we need to begin with what’s known from the fossil
record. The fossil record indicates that there was a huge increase in the kinds of
organisms that live in the earth continents starting around five hundred and thirty
million years ago, um, when there used to be only simple life forms, then quickly
emerged a wide variety of complex multicelluar forms. Um, this time period five
hundred to six hundred million years ago, it's called theCambrian period which is
why we call this proliferation of new species, the species diversification, the
Cambrian Explosion.
Now one pretty intriguing and I think quite logical scenario to explain all this has
been proposed by group of Australian researchers a few years ago. They believe that
the Cambrian Explosion was probably fueled by a massive influx of nutrients into the
ocean. Nutrients as you know, are substances that organisms must have in order to
like iron calcium potassium and so on. And this idea makes sense to me because,
anytime in Earth’s history, when there was a rapid increase in new species, it’s always
associated with an increase in availability of nutrients of food. female student
So what caused the influx during the Cambrian period? I mean where did all the
nutrients come from?
professor
Well according to the hypothesis, the source of the nutrients was a gigantic mountain
range, the erosion of a gigantic mountain range I should say. The researchers called
this mountain range the Gondwana Supermountain, the Gondwana Supermountain
would be in Gondwana, a super competent in the southern hemisphere made up of
present-day America Africa India Australia and Antarctica.
The Gondwana Supermountain formed during the early Cambrian era by “formed” I
mean plate tectonics caused smaller continents to solely crash into each other, to
create one giant continent and stresses of the collisions could form the Gondwana
Supermountain.
female student
So that how the Himalayan is got lifted when India crashed to the Asia?
Professor
Southern Asia, right. And that's the beauty of this hypothesis. It is based on currently
available geological evidence. So imagine this giant mountain range, eight thousand
kilometers long and a thousand kilometers wide, the largest ever near the equator
weathering and eroding. Remember that weathering refers to the breakdown of rock
into soil, primarily by physical and chemical forces and occurs most quickly in the
tropics where the heavy tropical rainfalls would carry countless tons of the weathered
supermountain and all that nutrient-rich soil within it downhill into the ocean.
Male Student
So how about those nutrients get into the food chain and and affect species
diversification?
professor
They would have first been absorbed by simple marine plants like algae, then by the
microorganisms that ate the algae, and then by the larger organisms that ate the
microorganisms and up on the line. At each level populations were quickly expanded,
diversified and in just five to ten million years evolved into, increasingly complex
species.
For example with infusion of calcium and molecules containing calcium we get the
widespread appearance of the first shell animals and first animals with skeleton, to
develop in a range of species.
Female student
But what evidence does these researchers in Australia have to prove that the
Gondwana Supermountain naturally exists?
professor
Well there are certain sandstone deposits in the southern continents. Remember
sandstones are very common sedimentary rock made up of small particles of rock
remnants. Um, the sandstones as the researchers collected contain a variety of
minerals including zircon.
Male student
Zircon? That's not a nutrient is it?
professor
No, but zircon is important to the hypothesis because it can be dated. The age of
zircon samples collected in Australia, closely match those in the zircon samples from
Africa and India and from other continents that were once part of the Gondwana. This
similarity in age suggested that zircon crystals and sandstone deposits that were found
all erode from the same source, the Gondwana Supermountain.

{"1": ["B"], "2": ["A"], "3": ["A"], "4": ["D"], "5": ["C"], "6": ["D"]}