 About a piano concert
第1题
Why does the student go to see the professor?
A To request a different venue for her next performance.
B To ask for more information about an assignment.
C To discuss a composition written by a classmate.
D To request extra time to complete an assignment.


第2题
Why was the student nervous during her recent piano performance?
A She was not used to the way her playing sounded in the new venue.
B She was not expecting such a large audience for a student performance.
C She was not able to use the piano that she had been practicing on.
D She had not spent enough time learning the piano piece she performed.


第3题
Why does the professor mention great composers?
A To indicate a process that the student could use to compose some music
B To help explain the purpose of an assignment
C To suggest a topic for a class presentation.
D To suggest how to find inspiration while composing music.


第4题
What will the student write about in her essay?
A Reasons that giving a performance can be difficult.
B A piano composition by a famous composer.
C The history of musical notation for piano.
D Her process of creating a piano composition.


第5题
What does the professor imply when he says this?
A He feels that the student should be allowed to have an extension on her assignment.
B He is annoyed that the student frequently asks for extensions on her assignments.
C He is concerned that the student will not have enough time to finish her assignment.
D He thinks that the student’s classwork will interfere with her performance schedule.




Listentoaconversationbetweenastudentandhermusiccompositionprofessor.
Professor
Oh,hello,Maria.HowwasyourperformanceonSaturday?I’msorryihadtomissit.
Student
Reallygood.Thanks.IwasnervousthewholetimeIwasplayingthough.
Professor
That’stobeexpected.Ihearditwasalargeaudience.
Yeah.Studentperformanceshavebeendrawingbigcrowdslately.Lotsofstudentsandprofessorsarecomingto
listen.ButI’mprettycomfortableevenwithabigaudience.
Professor
Luckyyou.Butyouwerenervousthistime?Wastheresomeproblemwiththepianoorsomething?
Actually the day before the concert, the facilities managers announced that we were going to be in the new
concerthallinstead.
Professor
Wow.Well,soyoudidn’tlikethenewvenue?
No. I mean, it’s a really nice building. But I only got one practice session in the new hall. And even though it
wasthe samepiano, thesound in theroom is verydifferent formthe oldhall. You know, it’s a biggerroom, so
theeffectisquite different.When i wasplaying, I wasafraidI would losemyconcentrationbecauseoftheway
themusicsoundedinthere.I’mnotusedtoityet.
Professor
I’msureyourperformancesoundedgoodregardless.
Thanks.Ireallycametoask.Youknowtheassignment,we’vebeentalkingaboutinclass.Weweresupposedto
createapianocompositionourselves.
Professor
That’sright.
But there are three parts to the assignment, right? Compose a piano piece, write an essay and present it all in
class.
Professor
Yes.
Whatisitthatyouarelookingforintheessay?
Professor
128
Well,whenyoucomposeapieceofmusicyourself,ithelpsyougainabetterunderstandingofmusicalnotation.
Notes,therests,therhythmandtiming. Italsogivesa newappreciationforthegreatcomposers.SoI wantyou
torecordtheprocessofhowyoumakeitallcometogether.
Writeabouttheexperience?
Professor
Yes.Thingslikehowthemusiccametoyou,whatkindofchangesyoumadeovertime. Imean,veryfewofus
just sit down at the piano and can immediately create a complete composition. We all have our own process.
AndIwantyoutounderstandyoursandtobeabletocommunicateit.
Okay.Andthenwehavetoplayourcompositiontotheclass?
Professor
Ofcourse.We’reallgonnaheartheresultsofeachother’sefforts.Haveyougotstartedonyet?
Justbarely.IwantedtogetSaturday’sperformanceoutoftheway,soIcouldconcentrateonit.
Professor
Well, the first draft is due in two weeks. I know students have demanding schedules, but I need to keep fairly
rigidduedates.
Oh,I’mnotconcernedaboutthat.Saturday’sperformanceinspiredme.
Professor
That’swhyperformingisoneofthecourserequirements.Itoftenhasthateffectonpeople.

{"1": ["B"], "2": ["A"], "3": ["B"], "4": ["D"], "5": ["C"]}