 writing a fiction

第1题
Why does the man go to see the professor?
A To inform her that he will miss her next class.
B To find out what happened during a class that he could not attend. 
C To get advice on how he and his writing partner should divide their work 
D To ask a question about a book the class was assigned to read.


第2题
What does the professor imply about the book, The letters of Henry Adams?
A It is a type of epistolary writing that many students use in their research.
B It is considered to be one of the best biographies of Henry Adams.
C It includes relatively few letters that address Adam’s ideas about democracy.
D  It should not be used as a model for the man’s current writing assignment.


第3题
Why does the professor mention the characters that the man’s classmates, Debbie and Maria, chose for their writing assignment?
A To help explain the method that was used to pair students together.
B To suggest that the man and his writing partner choose unconventional characters for their story.
C To point out an advantage of choosing roles that are familiar to both writing partners.
D To emphasize that the man needs to meet with his writing partner as soon as possible.


第4题
Why does the professor say that the novel Fast Office is like “an endless stream of disjointed remark“？
A To caution the man against creating a weak story
B To find out if the man agrees with her opinion of the book.
C To question whether an office is a suitable setting for an epistolary novel.
D To point out that Fast Office received unfavorable reviews by critics


第5题
What is the professor’s opinion of the novel, Life on the Refrigerator Door?
A It does not develop its characters well enough.
B  It is an improvement over the author’s first novel.
C  It is surprisingly effective as an epistolary novel.
D It ends much too abruptly.



Listen to a conversation between a student and his creative writing professor.
Professor
Hi, Kane.We missed you on Thursday.
Student
Sorry I couldn’t make the class, Professor Bennett. But I was out of town. Did I miss a lot?
Professor
You’ll be fine. But I paired students so as to co-write an epistolary fiction. You’ll be working
with Brian Simpson. Since he was also absent, so get in touch with him soon, OK? Because
between the two of you, you’ll be writing about pages total, a story. Um, you’re quick with
epistolary literary form, right?
Student
Yeah. An epistolary piece is made up of letters. I’m... last year I wrote a paper on democracy in
the United States and I used a book called Letters of Henry Adams. He was a journalist and
historian who lived in late 1800s and early 1900s, and some of his letters in that book discussed
his democratic ideals.
Professor
Letters of Henry Adams. But remember that book is nonfiction. Those were actual letters
written by only one writer, Henry Adams. Your assignment for my class is to write a story
through exchange of letters between two fictional characters. So fist you and Brian will have to
decide what relationship your characters will have, best friends, brothers, whatever. And then
develop a story. Now your classmates, Debbie and Maria. Debbie’s gonna play the role of a
rock and roll singer and Maria her agent, um back in the 1950s. Those characters could be a
good choice for them since Debbie and Maria are both big fans of early rock and roll and know
a lot about it.
Student
Oh, I see. Okay. What about coworkers? Like my character can work part-time in the student
employment office, like I do, and maybe he could exchange emails with his officemate or
something, like Kane could email to Brian. Could i borrow your pencil and they’re sitting in
desks right next to each other. That could be funny.
Professor
Okay. But you know I’ve recently read an epistolary novel consisting only of emails. It’s called
Fast Office.
Student
Fast Office.
Professor
Yeah. It’s said in an accounting firm and it’s filled with office politics, comments about
technology. Anyway the concept of Fast Office actually had potential, but ultimately it was
more like an endless stream of disjointed remarks. I mean talk about its thin plot.
Student
Huh.
Professor
But that doesn’t mean you and Brian couldn’t make an email exchange work. There is another
epistolary novel called Life on the Refrigerator Door and it comprises just notes that a mother
and daughter leave for each other, attached to their refrigerator door. And what isn’t expecting
much but through these short notes, the characters manage to tell us a good story and convey
their love and concern for each other in a really powerful way.

{"1": ["B"], "2": ["D"], "3": ["C"], "4": ["A"], "5": ["C"]}