signs in caves

第1题
What is the professor's main point about the markings on the cave walls?
A Their discovery led to a new theory about the origins of art. 
B Their use led to a burst of creativity in early human history.
C The markings may be as important as the paintings they accompany. 
D The markings have changed archaeologists' ideas about where human culture first developed. 


第2题
What point does the professor make about the sign-containing ovals?
A It is found only in caves in France. 
B  It might represent an animal.
C  It is probably the oldest sign found to date.
D It is usually paired with the dots sign. 


第3题
Why does the professor mention the Sumerians?
A To imply that the markings on the cave walls in France are consistent with early writing system
B To point out that the Sumerians developed their writing system on cave walls
C To help students understand the symbolic meanings of the large paintings of animals
D To explain why the system of signs on the cave walls in France did not change over time


第4题
What does the professor imply about the hand sign and the dot sign that appear on cave paintings?
A The two signs share a similar meaning. 
B The two signs are similar to those later used by the Sumerians. 
C The two signs might form a new meaning when they are used together. 
D The meaning of the two signs depends on their position in relation to the animal in the painting


第5题
What did researchers conclude by studying the signs in the oldest caves?
A The signs were already being used by the people who migrated to the area. 
B The signs were developed in southern France. 
C The creation of the signs was a slow, gradual process. 
D The development of the signs occurred at about the same time as the development of paintings. 


第6题
Why does the professor say this:
A To remind the students about proper archaeological techniques
B To stress the remarkable lifelike qualify of the cave paintings
C To make a distinction between symbolic and realistic representation
D To explain that the behavior of the first archaeologists to study the cave was understandable





Listen to part of a lecture in an archaeology class. Professor
Michael, could you sum up what we've talked about last time?
Male student
Okay. We looked at a lot of cave paintings and said there was a creative explosion about 31,000
years ago. People represented the world around them with paintings. Um, the ones we discussed
were in France. They were mostly animals, bulls, horses, deer and so on. Professor
And what are the paintings like?
Male Student
They're large, colorful and they're really lifelike. Professor
Yes. Exactly. They are so spectacular that they generated a huge amount of study. Well until recently
no one paid much attention to these strange markings that accompany many of these cave paintings
which are usually off to the side somewhere, like small dots,lines or zigzags. Imagine, being the first
archaeologist to get to a dark tunnel and come upon these drawings, would you be studying the
charging bill or the the little black dots on the corner? So it wasn't until recently that a researcher
named Genevie Vampithinger decided to do a systematic study of these other markings. She
compiled the database of all of the markings in caves from 146 sites in France, and what she found
was a total of 26 different signs or symbols repeated again and again. It's possible that these signs
might indicate something just as significant as cave paintings that accompany them. So let's have a
look at a few of the signs cataloged by Vampithinger. There is a big difference between realistic
representations, the paintings, and the markings, these nonrepresentational or symbolic markings, markings that are kind of like writing. So you can see why this study would attract a lot of attention. Yes, Rebbeca?
Female Student
But, when was the first, you know, the first writing?
Professor
Well, the first documented instance of writing comes from only 5,000 years ago and as we said
before, these cave paintings are from about 31,000 years ago, but I guess the question is just how
close these signs are to what we would consider writing. Vampithinger's analysis resulted in a couple
of very convincing arguments that what we have here is some kind of symbolic expression, or at
least a writing code that was widely understood. You can see a uniformity of style among the signs. Some of them are quite simple, like the lines and dots, but others are more complex. One possibility
or one thing that Vampithinger noticed is that in some cases the marks appear to represent a single
part of a larger figure like the ovals, the small ovals inside a larger one.They match almost exactly
the oval eyes on some of the animals painted on the walls. These features using just a small part of
something to represent the whole item are called synecdoche. Synecdoche is a common feature in
very early writing systems. The Sumerians, the Sumerians had the earliest documented form of
writing. They use just an ox's head to indicate an ox and the use of synecdoche is a good indication
that ideas are being communicated symbolically and of course if the signs were being to
communicate ideas, then these dots and lines just deserve as much attention as the animal paintings. Okay. Another feature that's common among early writing systems is the combination of two
symbols to create a new meaning. Vampithinger noted that many of the signs are consistently pairing
with others. For example, there's an image of hand, and a hand appears together with the dots again
and again. And when Vampithinger compiled and dated the signs, she found something else. Most of
the signs are already present in the oldest cave site. There's no evidence that they developed system
over time. You don't see them trying out new signs or discarding old ones. In the oldest caves, a
system seems already fully formed. Rebecca?
Female Student
So like the idea that humans brought these signs with them when they first arrived to Africa?
Professor
That's a strong possibility, that the first people to migrate to southern Europe from Africa had the
signs as an already well-established part of their culture

{"1": ["C"], "2": ["B"], "3": ["A"], "4": ["C"], "5": ["A"], "6": ["D"]}