 Titan

第1题
What’s the professor’s main point about Titan?
A Titan’s atmosphere is causing its surface conditions to slowly change.
B The chemical processes that occur on Titan are unique in the history of the solar system.
C Research on the atmospheric conditions on Titan may help explain how it came into existence.
D  Studying Titan can help provide a better understanding of conditions on early Earth.


第2题
Why does the professor the amount of sunlight that Titan receives?
A To acknowledge that the differences between Earth and Titan are significant.
B To out point that many chemical processes are dependent on the presence of sunlight.
C To explain why it is surprising that pools of liquid are present on Titan’s surface.
D To point out a similarity between Titan and Earth’s moon.


第3题
What point does the professor make about the methane on Titan?
A It only exists as a liquid.
B It is a minor component of Titan’s atmosphere.
C It acts like water does on Earth.
D  It may have originated on Saturn.


第4题
What does the professor say about meteor craters on Titan?
A  Ice on the surface has covered them.
B  Methane rain has eroded them.
C  Pools of liquid methane have filled them in.
D Water ice ejected from volcanoes has eroded them.


第5题
Why does the professor mention the season on Titan in which the study of its largest lake was conducted?
A To suggest that the study was too short.
B To make a point about cycles of precipitation and evaporation.
C To acknowledge a difference between weather cycles on Earth and Titan.
D To describe a theory that explains freezing and thawing cycles on Titan.


第6题
Why is the professor excited about the presence of ammonia on Titan?
A Ammonia may have been the result of atmospheric changes on early Earth.
B Ammonia was present in significant quantities on Earth when life first appeared.
C  The presence of ammonia has motivated scientists to look for atmospheres on other moons.
D The presence of ammonia often coincides with a rise in oxygen levels.






Listen to part of a lecture in an astronomy class.
Professor
One reason that Mars is so interesting to study is that its valleys indicate that there
may have once been water on Mars, which means that the atmosphere may have been
thicker. You get a thicker atmosphere on the planet when a liquid such as water is
present.
Female Student
So the atmosphere is different now than it was a long time ago.
Professor
Absolutely. Here on Earth, too, is a matter of fact. And that’s what’s so important for
us to understand. You see, Earth’s first atmosphere was, well, nothing like it is today.
One element especially was missing and that’s oxygen. We think early Earth probably
also had high concentrations of gases like methane and ammonia than it does today.
Yes, Emma?
Female Student
I was reading something recently about how the early atmosphere of Earth may have
been like atmosphere of one of Saturn’s Moons, Titan, I think. Is that even possible?
Professor
Actually yes. Now I know you are wondering how Titan, a moon that belongs to a
planet as far away as Saturn, could be of any significance to us here on Earth. After
all, Titan only gets about 1% the amount of sunlight we get here. And because it’s so
far away from the sun, it’s obviously very cod. But Titan does have something that no
other moon in the entire solar system has. And that’s a think atmosphere. And that’s
similar to what we think Earth’s early atmosphere was like. And Titan’s the only
celestial body other than Earth known to have constant periods with liquid on its
surface.
Male Student
But it can’t be liquid water, right?
Professor
Right. It’s actually a liquid methane.Because of Titan’s temperature, liquid water
can’s exist, only frozen ice. Methane, though, does behave on Titan how water
behaves here on Earth. It goes through cycles of evaporation of precipitation, and as I
said it forms pools, lakes on the surface of Titan.
Male Student
So it’s a moon with lakes on it?
Professor
Very different from the Earth’s moon. When we think of a moon, we immediately
think of craters, craters from meteor impacts. Well the methane rain on Titan has
caused erosion which has helped wipe away all those craters that our moon still has.
Male Student
It’s strange to think of cycles of evaporation and precipitation on one of Saturn’s
moons.
Professor
Well, like I said, there are many similarities to Earth, especially earlier Earth. So you
can see why astronomers are trying to learn as much about Titan as possible. Now
speaking of those methane lakes,they change in depth just like lakes do here on Earth.
Recently we’ve been studying the largest lake on Titan and discover that its liquid
level has in fact fallen by four or five meters over a four-year period.
Male Student
So does that mean that the lake is drying up?
Professor
Actually you see Titan’s largest lake is located in its southern hemisphere. It was
summer there when information was collected. It’s actually common for moisture to
migrate from one hemisphere to the other, evaporating when it’s summer and
precipitating when it’s winter. So the fact that there’s less liquid methane in the
largest lakes is certainly interesting, since some of the same weather cycles occur here
on Earth.
Female Student
Okay. So the methane makes sense. And you also mentioned ammonia. Is that found
on Titan?
Professor
Yes, it is. It’s actually being spewed from Titan’s volcanoes.
Female Student
Wait a minute. Volcanoes? In a frigid environment like that?
Professor
Well, these volcanoes don’t spew molten lava. Obviously, they are old-weather
volcanoes and they eject mixtures of water ice and ammonia.
Female Student
And so what does that mean for us? Like can these findings help us understand more
about Earth’ early history? Maybe have life started here?
Professor
Well, let’s put it this way. Ammonia we believe was a key ingredient in Earth’s
atmosphere when life first began on our planet, so, is this exciting? Absolutely. We
need to find out, though, through further research if the chemical processes on Titan
are in fact similar to the conditions under which life came to be here on Earth. Let me
tell you , if that ends up being the case, who know how much will be able to learn.

{"1": ["D"], "2": ["A"], "3": ["C"], "4": ["B"], "5": ["B"], "6": ["B"]}