 A Controversy About A Portrait

第1题
What is the lecture mainly about?

A The portrait that was the basis for an authentic sculpture of William Shakespeare
B The engraving on the cover of a famous writer's first published works 
C A debate surrounding the subject of a portrait painted in the 1600s 
D A sculpture, engraving, and painting found within a family's private art collection


第2题
What does the professor imply about testing that was done on a portrait?

A The results showed that Shakespeare was born later than originally thought.
B The testing was carried out against the wishes of the owner.
C The wood base was easier to test than the oil paint.
D The results verified that the portrait was painted during Shakespeare’s lifetime


第3题
Why does the professor mention the queen's laws?
A To criticize the restrictive clothing regulations of the period
B To explain why some people think the man in the painting could not have been a playwright
C To illustrate the queen's support of the arts and literature during her time 
D To explain that only certain classes of society were allowed to pose for portraits


第4题
According to the professor, what is a notable characteristic of portraits painted during the early 1600s?
A Portraits were often modified after a person's death.
B The type of frame indicated the social status of the subject.
C Portraits of ordinary people became common.
D Portraits often did not show people’s unattractive features.


第5题
What has been confirmed about the first owner of a controversial painting?
A The owner supported Shakespeare financially.
B The owner made a living as a portrait painter.
C The owner was a member of Shakespeare’s family.
D The owner shared the same political beliefs as Sir Thomas Overbury. 


第6题
What is the professor’s opinion of an art historian’s theory that the Cobbe portrait is not of Shakespeare 
A He agrees with the conclusions of the theory. 
B He believes that there is evidence that disproves the theory.
C He feels that only certain parts of theory are convincing.
D He thinks more analyses are needed before the theory con be taken seriously.



Listen to part of a lecture in an art history class.
Okay . Today we're going to spy things out a bit by dealing into the heart of a controversy. It's burning in the art world and the literary' world. You see a painting's been discovered from within a family's private collection. It's known as the Cobbe portrait, and some very well respected scholars believe that this painting :is an authentic portrait of the famous writer William Shakespeare, made during his lifetime. Now presently there are only two images of Shakespeare that scholars considered to be authentic, but they are not pairings . There's the funeral sculpture of his head and then there's the engraving of his head on the cover of his collection of published works. 
Now the first task in authenticating the Cobbe portrait as a portrait of Shakespeare was to establish whether the portrait was from the correct historical period. Through expensive testing, we know that the wood panel on which the Cobbe portrait was painted comes from trees cut down during the late Renaissance and that the oil paints used are also characteristic of that era. So the portrait has been shown to date from around 1610. In 1610 Shakespeare was 46 years old. 
The next piece of the puzzle was to determine the painting's original owner. The family that privately owned the portrait had a very impressive connection. It turns out that the current owner is a direct descendent of the very person who gave Shakespeare both visible public support and money to write his plays. That person was the Earl of Southhampton. 
So two pieces of evidence support the claim that the Cobbe portrait is of Shakespeare, but not everyone agrees. Some scholars question the clothing worn by the man in the portrait. Take a look at it. Some point to the fact that hey, Shakespeare was a playwright and a playwright wouldn't be wearing such fancy attire. Playwrights didn't have high social status, and at that time there was strict laws established by the ruling queen. Queen Elizabeth, that regulated who could wear what. This applied to specific fabrics, specific colors and types of clothing. Penalties like fines could be legally imposed for dressing above one social position. That is true, but by 1610 those laws were more relaxed and people were demonstrating more social flexibility. So it's entirely possible that Shakespeare could have chosen to wear the outfit for a special occasion. 
Another point people bring up is that the man in the painting appears very youthful - looking, could this man in the image really be 46? Especially considering that time period. Life was not easy and this image certainly doesn't look like the image of the heavier and slightly balding man in both the funeral statue and the published engraving. Shakespeare only lived until he was 52 years old, so could he have aged so very rapidly in only six years? Well, in fact the painting style from that time period is quite idealized. Painters created portraits that were very complementary and people sometimes ended up looking nothing like their real selves, a fact which doesn't make this investigative process easier. 
Now, one art historian is very doubtful of the claims that this is Shakespeare. However, she has different reasons than the tones I pointed out. To the historians' way of thinking, and mine too, 1 might add this portrait is most likely of a completely different individual. You’re probably thinking, wait a minute, you said the Earl of Southhampton was the original owner of this portrait and that he was a very public supporter of Shakespeare. Oh, yes, that's true. However, here's the twist. Apparently the Earl of Southampton was also a very local supporter of Sir Thomas Overbury, one of his political allies. During that fine period, it wouldn't be at all unusual to have an ally’s portrait in your collection. Additionally, documented portraits of Sir Thomas Overbury looked incredibly similar to the controversial painting. They are a match with regard to age, facial shape, attire, and they both share an intriguing detail. In the documented portraits of Overbury his left ear has a characteristic shape. You can't really see it while in the image I showed you. But the ear of the man in the Cobbe Portrait has the same peculiar shape.



{"1": ["C"], "2": ["D"], "3": ["B"], "4": ["D"], "5": ["A", "D"], "6": ["A"]}