Learning
第1题
What is the lecture mainly about?
A New recording technology used to study infant cries
B Research that has shed light on when humans begin to learn
C The discovery that infants are capable of producing different vowel sounds
D  Evidence that supports a traditional theory of language learning


第2题
Why does the professor mention sitting in a dorm room and hearing noises from down the hall?
A To show how random sounds interfere with speech production
B To illustrate how researchers are able to work with limited data
C To explain how infants cries are often perceived.
D To describe how a fetus hears speech through its mother's abdominal wall


第3题
What points does the professor make about prosody? Click on 2 answers
A Voices of different speakers can be distinguished based on their prosodic features.
B Mothers tend to mimic the prosody of their infants.
C Infants learn prosody after they have learned vowel sounds.
D Different languages have different prosodic features.


第4题
What does the professor say about three-month-old infants?
A They have the ability to imitate vowel sounds.
B They can distinguish between vowels and consonants.
C They tend to cry with falling intonation.
D They tend to cry if they do not recognize a speaker's voice.


第5题
According to the professor, what did researchers conclude after analyzing the recordings of crying newborns?
A The amount of air in the lungs determines the pitch of a newborn's cry.
B Most newborns cry with rising intonation.
C A newborn can control the pitch and volume of its cries.
D The loudness of a newborn's cry is related to whether or not the mother can hear it.


第6题
The professor mentions the possibility that infants in the crying study learned the prosodic features of their native language after they were born. What is her view of this idea?
A  It explains the behavior of only group of infants in the study.
B  It is not a likely explanation of the findings reported in the study.
C  It has been completely ruled out by the findings of a more recent study.
D  It is the hypothesis that is currently best supported by evidence.




Listen to part of a lecture in a psychology class.
When does learning actually begin? At birth, or can learning take place even before birth? If so, how would we know that? There are some interesting data about this question that have come from studies of early language learning.
Okay, so imagine you're sitting in your dorm room. From the community room down the hall you can hear music, people's voices, their laughter, but you can't really understand what anyone is saying. And that's what we think of like for a human fetus inside the womb. The mother's abdominal wall is
like the walls of your room. It allows a lot of sound to pass through, but not all of it. Apparently a fetus can hear if sounds are loud or soft and it can hear the rising and falling pitches of speech. These are elements of prosody. Prosody refers to the elements of language that contribute to its acoustic and rhythmic effects, elements like volume, stress, intonation and pitch. Different speakers tend to use slightly different prosody in their speech, and different languages have different prosodic features, such as melodic patterns, like some languages have falling intonation in the end of the sentences while others have rising intonation.
Now there are some fascinating studies that show that infants can recognize some prosodic features as soon as they are born. For example, a newborn seems to be able to pick out its mother's voice based on its prosodic pattern. That suggests that the newborn had learned it while still in the womb, hearing speech filter through the abdominal wall. In other words the language-learning process may actually start before birth, at least the language perception part.
But what about language production? When do babies start learning to speak? Until recently we thought the answer was around three months of age. It's been documented that three-month-old babies start producing specific vowel sounds that match vowel sounds presented to them. However,
infants younger than three months have no control over the muscles in the mouth and throat that are needed for the production of vowel sounds, so it's no wonder that until recently no one has studied whether infants younger than three months could produce sounds that match their native language in
some way. I mean all of newborn babies do cry, right?
Well it turns out that there's more to a newborn's cry than we thought. Recently some researchers analyzed the cries of two groups of newborns, all just a couple of days old. The groups came from households where different languages were spoken. One group came from households where the dominant melodic pattern of the language is rising intonation at the end of the sentence. The other group came from households for the language has falling intonation. The cries of these infants were recorded during the course of normal daily interactions between mothers and children. Now it's
always been assumed that the volume and pitch of infants' cry were determined by the amount of air in the lungs. The more air in the lungs, the higher the air pressure on the infant's voice box, resulting in a higher pitch. By that logic, all cries should generally go from a high to a low pitch as the infant releases air from its lungs and the air pressure decreases. However, the analysis of the recordings showed that the intonation of infants' cries match the specific intonation patterns of the language spoken in the household. So the researchers concluded that newborns have the ability to
independently control the pitch and the volume of their cries and that they are able to imitate the prosody of the language spoken around them.
Personally, I'd love to see these studies extended to newborns whose household speaks a tonal language such as Chinese. What are their cry patterns like? And what about newborns who hear African languages. But the results we already have are very intriguing. Of course we can't really rule
out that the infant is picking up cues in its first hours and days of life but it's much more likely that at least some of the learning happens in the last few months in the womb. So not only do fetuses in the womb learn the prosody of their native language, but they can reproduce some aspects of the prosody as soon as they're born.

{"1": ["B"], "2": ["D"], "3": ["A", "D"], "4": ["A"], "5": ["C"], "6": ["A"]}